# God

I suppose I've always taken solace in knowing that sometime *in the end* I would be redeemed.  The truth is I don't know this for sure, simply that I've had so much helpful information to share... and because it came to me in such a way that helping the world was my only choice.  I feel like I've fought very hard for you, and in return I've been given nothing but grief.  Today, in complaining about that, I seek to show you what it means for Adam to be redeemed.  I'm going to tell you how I really feel.  I'm reminded of a scene from the Princess Bride--I'm going to be honest (as I always am) because this... this is *for posterity.*  

## A girl tore my reality from me.

She did it by *kicking my heels*, she was re-enacting a scene from Eden... putting enmity between man and woman.  She probably didn't know that, she had no idea what she did to me in 2010.  Everything I thought I knew about the world was torn from me, I was plunged into a deep dark cave, a place where magic was real... where mind control and Hell were sprawled over the face of my Earth.  I had been normal, tortured in secret... even from myself, but normal none the less.  Then the Tribulation happened, and my old love came back to me to tear my heart apart; and that's what she did.  Genesis says that Adam blamed Eve... and for years I would have insisted that it was mind control that I blamed; but today... with her gone, and me filled with the *light of the world*, it's really her that I blame.  I blame her for not standing up to God with me; for being too weak to handle whatever it was that we had to go through together to bring truth the words of the Live song *They Stood Up for Love.*

It's ironic, because I'm probably doing the same thing to you... to the whole world.  I'm taking the thing we knew as reality away, but I do it for the right reasons, to preserve *the truth*--to ensure life is sustained--because I am saving us from a delusion.  I suppose she was saving me from the same delusion, from a world where I wanted nothing more than to blend in to the blur that is the sea of Adam.  She was trying to destroy me though, and I think deep down in my mind; that's exactly what she was sure she was doing.  

If I didn't know it was blame that destroyed the world... not water or fire... I wouldn't be so fixated on the part of the message that tells me that we shouldn't be looking for blame, instead we should be searching for who to thank for doing all the work behind the scenes for so long.  That's not our nature though, we don't see what's about to happen, only that something is changing, and change scares us.  Just like I had no choice, the world really doesn't either... we are being given a reason and a path to fix things that we didn't think were broken.  I suppose that causes some resent.  It's being forced on us, it's the Apocalypse... the truth will come no matter what.   In the end, it's right.

After it was over, when she was pregnant and we had settle down into this little place in time where life was normal for about a year... I began to write down the story of the Tribulation of Adam; I tried to make it sound sexy, remembering the things that kept me going from day to day.  I walked through Hell, watching people I knew so well turn against me for no reason at all; I saw perfect strangers torment both me and her, going out of their way to remind me time and again that there was a *monster coming out of the sea.*  They'd appear in places before we could have known we were going there, and we'd overhear them speaking intimate details of our private lives.  Even our thoughts were not sacred to these people whom God had somehow passed the message to me (through a horoscope app, of all things) that "*they were not mind readers.*  I'd say there a pivotal moment, one where this girl... she's Eve, by the way, sat on a bed and spoke the words I was thinking verbatim, immediately after I thought them--line after line for a few minutes... that's the kind of moment that really drains you of your "reality."

## I loved her though.
It was the mystery I was seeking; the how and the why, I loved the thrill of finding out that my life was not normal--in fact it was quite the adventure.  I was scared a lot, and both of us were threatened, by this group of strangers... but more by our own behavior.  She threatened more than my perception of reality when she left me; I think she took yours away too.

# ...and The Big Bang

It's probably important to note that I didn't really believe in religion or the Bible when all this was happening to me.  I'd probably have said I was an agnostic, but really I was atheist, and if it were not for the obviousness of what was happening--I probably would have stayed that way.  As it was, I convinced myself that what I was experiencing was some vast government conspiracy.  I even named the short novel I was writing *Reverse Engineering Revelation.*  It's still true, Revelation is being reverse engineered right before your eyes, but my perspective has changed significantly.  I see that this isn't some hijacking of the truth, it's the original intent of religion itself--for God to have been created in a man, the living word.  I see that so many of the stories that I once thought were about ancient and backwards times are about *my life* and the things I've gone through... that so much of it is so uniquely queer that it's obvious to me that it's no reverse engineer--but rather a story that's happening now despite it having happened before.  Someone went back in time and recorded that it was going to happen; part of it was to save me, and part of it to save you... all of it though--to ensure that something like this never happens again.

In what was a tiny microcosm of the apocalypse of Adam, Nanna--that's her real name--left me for only a month or so just before I found out that we were having a baby in Eden--yet another in the long string of details of our lives that had been recorded in the Holy Bible.  I of course sought out the help of God in the only way I knew how to conjure him--only I didn't know that's what I was doing at the time.  It was probably the NSA, I'd think to myself, with some sort of mind control program... I'd read about Blue Beam and in the long string of Blue's from the Book (that's about aliens) to the Little Boy I was, I was sure that as soon as I got high, there would really be a Man in the Moon.





